feat: [Factories] Config caching (#7696)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/concepts/factories.rst

.. literalinclude:: factories/007.php
   :lines: 2-

.. _factories-config-caching:

Config Caching
**************

.. versionadded:: 4.4.0

> To improve performance, the Config Caching has been implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve performance, Config Caching has been implemented.
```

Prerequisite
============

.. important:: Using this feature when the prerequisites are not met will prevent
    CodeIgniter from operating properly. Do not use this feature in such cases.

- To use this feature, the properties of all Config objects instantiated in
  Factories must not be modified after instantiation. Put another way, the Config
  classes must be an immutable or readonly classes.
- By default, every Config class that is cached must implement ``__set_state()``
  method.

How It Works
============

- Save the all Config instances in Factories into a cache file before shutdown,
  if the state of the Config instances in Factories changes.
- Restore cached Config instances before CodeIgniter initialization if a cache
  is available.

Simply put, all Config instances held by Factories are cached immediately prior
to shutdown, and the cached instances are used permanently.

How to Update Config Values
===========================

> Once cached, the cache is never expired. Changing a existing Config file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once stored, the cached versions never expire. Changing a existing Config file
```
